Thanks to the Bai family for raising grandpa
Can we be a family?
Yes!
They didn't say anything about the thank you gift we sent for the book.
That's very kind of you.
I don't even know how to thank you
Hey, I heard that the Bai family runs a clothing company
Why don't we invest in him?
That's not a bad idea.
Anyway, the Bai family doesn't know who we are
Presumably cooperation will not be refused.
I see it
I have a 1 billion project here
I'm going by car this month
Arrange
I think the euro is crazy
Pretend to be rich in front of us
Do you really think we are easy to deceive?
My sister may know these things
It's hard for him to accept it at this time
If you can't accept it, you have to accept it.
It was his destiny.
He is doomed to be poor for the rest of his life
Hello
What ceremony group wants to cooperate with us?
Ok ok ok
I will be on time for the signing ceremony tomorrow
Dad, is what you said true?
Li's Group wants to cooperate with us
Of course it's true
Yaoyao, this project is worth 1 billion
When the time comes
Our Bai family is about to take off
Oops Yaoyao
Yes, you are the Hu Xing of our family.
As soon as I got back to our house
We sign a temporary contract
Unlike that Ou Nian who doesn't mention us
Uncle, our two families are social
My grandfather and I are getting married soon
You have to register with us in advance in the future.
Oh, that's natural.
We're going to have a daughter for revenge
Ours is not all yours
How happy would that be?